welcome to the utrechtse ridge
the wooded heart of the Netherlands out there
requires the marez or one in the coming years
new neighborhood in maarsbergen
maybe something for you
the neighborhood gives her the 1930s construction
the character of the houses
traditionally built and meet the
highest energy and environmental requirements
the comfortable detached and
semi-detached houses have various
personal expansion options
your home for therefore unique and unique
maarsbergen is cozy with
fourteen hundred inhabitants and had
about a daycare
a primary school and vmbo school
maarsbergen has an excellent
connection to both public transport
like on the highway
utrecht and amersfoort are only 20
minutes away
shopping centers of maar and woudenbergh
are within five minutes by car
accessible
a lot to experience for young and old
the environment you love nature then
there are many recreational options
cooling in the summer or skating pleasure
in the winter at a nearby
henschotermeer it is all possible
you need your favorite outdoor sport
from your own home or in the direct
environment where you can walk in nature
for enthusiasts there is also a wave
course
just steps from the marez or
live in nature and vast
meadows but with all conveniences
anticipated living in a village but nearby
utrecht and zeist
the marezhof of course something for you